Instantiate XrpcClient from an OAuthAgent (#2714)
bluesky-social/atproto: .changeset/polite-toys-happen.md

---
"@atproto/api": minor
---

`Agent` is no longer an abstract class. Instead it can be instantiated using object implementing a new `SessionManager` interface.

> 

Reviewer: We flagged this as a possible but unlikely breaking change, and if it is breaking for a project it would fail early at build/typecheck time rather than runtime.  So perhaps we can knock this down to a patch and leave a short note about what to consider if you're affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"@atproto/api": patch
---

`Agent` is no longer an abstract class. Instead it can be instantiated using object implementing a new `SessionManager` interface. If your project extends `Agent` and overrides the constructor or any method implementations, consider that you may want to call them from `super`.
```
